this is how I dry the tofu tofu has a
lot of moisture and it won't Brown
correctly if it's slow moist
then place another plate on top and put
a big bowl of water on top of that you
can use a big frying pan if you want or
if you have a walk you can use it the
walk is very hot I'm holding my hand
over it and I can feel the heat what you
do is this simply put some oil into the
bottom of the wall the oil is now very
very hot so be very careful with the
next step you can see that the tofu is
flattering that's good just give it a
minute and it's going to turn golden
brown now that the tofu hash browns I'm
going to take some of this site begin
page about a teaspoon fall and I'm going
to put it in the tofu so the objective
here is to flatten out the bean paste
and get it to melt into the oil as you
can see a turning the oil a beautiful
red day now we're going to add the
softest black bean so they are these
things are made by pressing them into
Saul just add them directly into the
tofu these are dried chili flakes and
they're very spicy just give a little
sprinkle does that look good this is
regular sake that I would drink let's
pour it in
lets out a little vinegar very good now
let's add a little soy sauce now we're
going to put in two small dried which
one style chilies you can put these in
with the oil with you I I just forgot it
will add the ginger paste now and let's
top it off with the green onion tops hmm
yeah you want a crazy with vegetables
and chilies all in it mm-hmm it has a
fermented smell and a salty smell you
can add chili paste now if you like it
or you can add fresh chili it's time to
turn off the heat and transfer this to a
plate let's see what it looks like on
the plate okay it's all done this is my
ma po tofu as you can see there are
still lots of whole pieces of tofu but
some have broken from the broken one you
can see that the sauce has nicely coated
the outside leaving a very white
interior there are black beans green
onions and chilies all in this tofu it
looks so good even my dog wants some
okay I hope you make this at home it's
very easy authentic and delicious enjoy
it